Page 1 of 4  
                                                              HARSH                                                                    Mobile no.: 8789345029, 8541996819                                                            Email id: harsh.h.pd@gmail.com                                                        Bangalore, India  
Total Experience:   8 years  Skills:              Scrum Master                   Product Owner                           Subject Matter Expert  
 Project Management           Business Analyst                 Manual/Functional Testing, SQL  Tools:           Devplus                       Bugzilla                PL/SQL Developer                 MS Office                          WinSCP                         Putty                     Apache JMeter             Patch  Deployer tool  
Summary of Experience:   8+ years of experience in providing multiple end to end software products.   Certified Scrum Master from Scrum Alliance, hands on experience in Agile and  
Waterfall Projects.   7+ years of experience in customer management at client site.   Hands on experience in facilitating scrum events, enabling collaboration and resolving  impediments.   Rich experience in functional analysis of software, requirement gathering and  
requirement freezing with customer.   Hands -on experience in Project Management, Contract Management, Customer  engagement, Mentoring the team, Release management, Change Management, operations  roll out, Transition, Solutions and BaU management.  
 Subject matter expert in Finance Domain-Indirect Taxation such as: GST, VAT,  Professional Tax, Electricity Duty etc    Subject matter expert in Department of Home (Police).   Hands on experience in Payment, treasury and Budget domain for Department of Finance.   Hands-on experience in analysing RFP, pre bid meetings, expression of interest etc   Hands-on experience in developing and reviewing documents like Gap Analysis ,Techno  
commercial Proposal, Software Requirement Specification (SRS),Functional Requirement  Specification(FRS),Test Cases, Test Plan and Requirement Traceability Matrix etc   Hands-on experience in taking User Acceptance Test and Final Acceptance Test.   Hands on experience in Performance, Functional, Non Functional, Integration,  
Regression, Usability, GUI Testing etc in multiple modules of different milestone projects.   Have experience in creation Test Plan Creation, Test case Creation, Test case Execution,  Defect Logging & Re-Verification.   Reported software defects using several Defect Tracking systems.   Well acquainted with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Development  
Life Cycle (STLC).   Experience in liasoning between the customer, implementation and management of the  organization.  
Page 2 of 4  
Work Experience:   Tata Consultancy Services (Dec ‘2011 – Present)  Project#1: Bihar VAT  Customer: Commercial Tax Department, Government of Bihar  Product Name: Bihar Commercial Tax (Web portal) and                                    VATMIS (Back office Application)  Roles:  
 Project Manager/Scrum Master (Aug ‘2015 to Oct ‘2019)   Business Analyst (Feb ‘2013 to Oct ‘2019)   Quality Assurance /Tester (Sep  ’2012 to Oct ‘2019)  
Responsibilities:   Client management like top level Government Officials of various departments’ and  stakeholders of the project along with the State Government Nodal Agencies.   Managed team strength of 18 including helpdesk at onsite location, Patna .   Customer Satisfaction Index, CSI is 100 % since last 5 years.   Coordinate with Technical team for problem resolution, Drive incident Management &  
Helpdesk.   Manage SLAs, Operation Review with Customer on day to day basic.   Improve performance. Generate Reports.   Ensure team adheres to defined policies & process.   Be first Point of contact to Customer for Support & Escalation. Coordinate with Apps team,  customer.   Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking skills, manages  
technical resources within budget and project schedule.   Expertise in identifying pre-requisite manpower and devices requirements, effective  planning along with IT resource availability.   Impact Analysis of any change required by the customer.   Building requirement gathering document and Techno commercial Proposal for new  
Change Request.   Coordination with customer, consultant, product team, business team and other  stakeholders.    Analyze and implement best practice of other states in Bihar after approval with customer.   Acceptance from customer on the changes done -conducted UAT and have taken UAT sign  
offs from customer.   The project required interaction with clients to discuss requests and discuss estimates along  with placing required change control board request raised with the client manager for  production deployment for each request and monitoring during deployment.  
 Interaction with offshore team regularly which is located at Ahmedabad and provide  clarification for queries rose.   Project Planning, tracking, executing the major and minor releases right from the  requirement gathering to GO LIVE phase.  
 Assuring implementation of security recommendations (data security etc), issue /risk  update internally and to the customer.   Interacting with other taxation projects to implement good practices of other  states/countries.  
 Did various testing of critical modules during the project lifecycle.   Write and execute test cases, experience in clear and concise defect reports.   Provide guidance and Supervision to more junior testers.  
Page 3 of 4  
Project#2: Bihar CCTNS (Crime & Criminal Tracking Network and Systems)   Customer: Bihar Police (Department of Home, Government of Bihar)  Product  Name: BCoP   Roles: Scrum Master (Sep ‘2018 to Oct ‘2019)                Business Analyst   Responsibilities:   Prepare Project Plan for Application.   Did analysis of RFP and Contract   Develops and improves business processes within the business organization and  
understands client requirements, specifying and analyzing these to a sufficient level of  detail to ensure clarity of definition.   Conducted multiple meetings for requirement gathering of different modules with  stakeholders and Product owners.  
 Conducted multiple successful Gap Analysis sessions with the customer.   Conducted sessions with Product Owner for attaining the exact requirement and  clarification of queries.    Hands on experience in Requirement Analysis, Test Planning, Test Case Development, Test  
Execution, Test Cycle Closure.   Conducted multiple training sessions to the police personnel across the state.   Design templates and document configuration procedures..   Create end-user manual and user training..   Proposed software design for easy navigation.  
Project#3: Bihar CFMS (Comprehensive Financial Management System)   Customer: Department of Finance  Product Name: e-receipt /OGRAS  Role: Business Analyst (Dec ‘2016 to June ‘2018)  Responsibilities:  
 Requirement freezing of E-receipt portal (o-GRAS) which has the functionality for receiving  challan through online/offline mode.   Analysing business requirements of the Finance Department, GoB having important  modules like Budget Module, Beneficiary Management, Bill Preparation, Treasury  Operations-Payment and E- receipt.  
 Various meeting conducted with different state government departments, banks, AG, RBI to  finalize the requirement and execute the application in GO live phase.   Provide client systems support in order to resolve issues and contribute to on-going systems  maintenance and evolution.  
 Collects, writes formal specifications and communicates business requirements between  development and client to design and implement business solutions.   Hands on experience in understanding customer business i.e. the collection, analysis and  documentation of a client's business needs and requirements.  
Project#4:  Life Science UK & Europe  Customer : GSK  Role: Manual/Functional Tester (Dec ‘2011 to Aug ‘2012)   Performed Functional Testing, Business Acceptance Testing and Regression testing, Sanity  & Smoke Test, System Integration Testing and Regression Testing.   
 Responsible for Root Cause analysis of system testing and production defects.   
Page 4 of 4  
 Responsible for reviewing test cases and also for providing QA, UAT,FAT Signoff.    Performed System Integration and User Acceptance testing and also End-to-End testing for  the exact user flow.  
Education:     Pursuing Post Graduate Program- Business Analytics and Business Intelligence- Great  Lakes and the University of Texas at Austin, McCombs School of Business.   Graduation - B.E. (Electronics and Telecommunication,Prof.Ram Meghe Institute of      
Technology and Research, 2007-11, Amravati University, Maharashtra).   Senior Secondary: Kendriya Vidyalaya, Kankarbagh,Patna, Bihar (2004-2006 CBSE).   Secondary: Lohia Nagar Mount Carmel High School, Patna, Bihar (2004, ICSE).  
Certifications:   Certified Scrum Master   Attained various TCS Internal Certificates also which are mentioned below:   
 Certificate in Project Management   Certificate in Governance Systems   Certificate in Sales Tax Concepts   Certificate in Customer Relationship Management   Certificate in Accounting Fundamentals   iQMS for PLs Training   Process : ITIL 2011Foundation   Process : Agile Way of Working    Telephone Skills - FLI Beyond Coding Sub-Curriculum   Technical Documentation and Effective Technical Writing   Foundation : Oracle PL/SQL  
Awards and Appreciation:   Customer Appreciation letter by the Principal Secretary, Commercial Tax Department, GoB.   Selected for the “Inspire Certification” by the higher management as Beyond Performance  
Awards.   Awarded with “Start Team” for consistent performance of the project by higher  management.    Various written appreciations by customer and TCS internal for timely deliverables.  
Personal Details:   Father’s Name    : Hari Nandan Prasad  Date of Birth     :           02 ‘June 1989  Marital Status   : Married   Gender    : Male  Nationality   : Indian  Language Known   : English, Hindi  
Declaration:  I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and  belief.                                 (Harsh)  
