Akhil Nigam Full Stack Developer, TCS Digital Software Developer with proven development experience on mature product teams and passion for continuous learning and development. akhilnigam96@gmail.com +91-7016416645 Pune, India linkedin.com/in/akhil-nigam-31648913b 
WORK EXPERIENCE Full Stack Developer Digitate (Tata Consultancy Services's Venture) 06/2019 - Present, Pune , India Currently working in TCS Product Development Team. Involved in core development as a Full Stack Developer with technology stack : Spring Boot, Angular , MongoDB Responsible for End-to-End development of functionalities to implement most recent and innovative solutions by following proper design patterns and standards resulting in a more stable and interactive system 
Automated the customer-onboarding process and reduced the wait time up to 99% Implemented application caching mechanism with multiple app servers and kept the cache data in sync. 
Separated business logic (service layer) and data-access logic (repositories) from the service layer to reduce duplicate code and ease the migration of database. Configured message broker like Rabbitmq in high availability mode 
Mobile Application Development Internship Tata Consultancy Services 01/2019 - 04/2019, Pune, Maharashtra Developed Enterprise Cloud Portal mobile application for Cloud Infra Unit. Acheived authentication, user management , user-role management. 
Pulled data from API comprising of different variables like network utilization, storage utilization, CPU utilization etc, scaled them and visualize the data through various charts Technologies Involved : Android, REST, JSON parsing, Java, XML 
Software Development Internship Ellipsonic Pte Ltd 05/2018 - 07/2018, Remote Developed an enterprise level android application with small team of developers . Sliced designer compositions from PSD format and created android xml UI and java then combined a Node.js server with Firebase to create powerful, faster, and more secure android app. 
Internship - Summer Intern Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur 05/2016 - 06/2016,  This project is to bring into existence a network monitoring tool that essentially detects abnormal behavior of any host and in case of such abnormality checks for its activity by decrypting data sent across the network by this host to analyze the nature of its conversation and take necessary action. 
EDUCATION B.Tech - Computer Science and Engineering Pranveer Singh Intitute of Technology 05/2015 - 06/2019, 70.2% Intermediate- C.B.S.E. Prabhat Public School Kanpur 04/2013 - 04/2014, 86% 
SKILLS Azure JAVA SVN SPRING BOOT Agile 
PYTHON Linux Git NODEJS JAVASCRIPT Mongodb Angular NLP 
Data Structures and Algorithm Android ACHIEVEMENTS:PROGRAMMING Rank 1 in ACM ICPC 2017 online round in college. 
ACM ICPC 2017 Regionalist - (Kolkata -Kanpur Region) Qualified for Google Codejam 2017. 
PROJECTS Real-time Android Chat App with Spring Boot backend and Mongodb database [PERSONAL] (01/2021 - 02/2021) This chat application leverages Spring Boot as Backend having JWT Auth filter with Spring Security and serving valid request raised by android clients. Websocket is used for real time messaging. On client side, various views are implemented like ListView, Recycler view , CardView and GridView. Do check out: 
Chatbot using NLP and Deep Learning [PSIT]  (06/2018 - 09/2018) Project comprises of three parts. Data Preprocessing: - Cleaning and converting data into understandable format. Builiding Seqtoseq model: This converts sequences from one domain to sequences in other domain.It is a general-purpose encoder- decoder framework of Tensorflow that can be used for Machine Translation. Training the Model: Hyper parameters are set and model is trained. 
Bigdocto -Mobile Application [PERSONAL]  (01/2018 - 02/2018) Bigdocto is an android app developed solely by me. It sorts the best doctors in the city, books appointment with them and segregates the doctors on basis of type i.e. General Physician , Cardiologist ,Dentist etc. It shows them as Cardview in a RecyclerView. An infinite scroll is implemented which polls data from backend after the given period of Grid position. Technology used are: Android ,JSON parsing, php ,database management . 
LANGUAGES ENGLISH/HINDI Full Professional Proficiency INTERESTS 
Programming Playing Instrument: Piano Cricket Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks mailto:akhilnigam96@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/akhil-nigam-31648913b 
