Area of Interest Electronincs and Computer science, Robotics 
   Education Year Degree/Examination Institution/Board CGPA/Percentage  
2017 B.Tech. 2nd Year Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee 7.283  2014 Twelfth Narayana Junior College 95.09 %  
2012 Tenth DAV Public School 10.0     Projects Implementation of Hough Transform on FPGA | Department of Electronics and Communications Engineering (SURA)  
• The objective of the project was to implement Circular Hough Transform for detection of circular objects. Hough transform is a basic technique used in object detection.  • The project involved: • Implementing the algorithm using basic mathematical tools in MATLAB. • Implementing and testing the algorithm on Xilinx ISE. • Successfully testing the algorithm on FPGA board. 
ABU Robocon 2016, Pune | Team Robocon, IIT Roorkee  • Prepared a robot to participate in national level robotics competition "ABU Robocon 2016" as part of Team Robocon. We achieved 12th position among 119 teams. 
• Work done by me under Team Robocon involves: • Path Learning based navigation of three wheeled omni drive robot on general curve. • Devoloping Fuzzy Logic library in cpp for robot navigation. Our aim was to implement fuzzy logic as an alternative to PID.  • Navigation of four wheeled mecanum drive using line following and wall following. • Automation and control of a complete robot using various sensors and microcontroller. FPGA Implementation of UART | Digital Design Lab course project  
• The project involved the designing of state machine of transmitter and receiver and then using them to implement the UART communication protocol on FPGA using Verilog Hardware Description Language.  Desig of various electronic circuit in LT spice | Network Theory Course Project  
• The project involved design and simulation of below mentioned electronic circuits using basic electronic elements:  • Fuel indicator • Analog Calculator • Mobile phone detector Lumire Fonce - The Light Painting Bot | Models and Robotics Section, I.I.T. Roorkee  
• The project involved creating the effect of Light Painting by navigation of a robot with LEDs mounted on it and capturing its movement through a camera and processing the information in MATLAB.  Design of a Two-Stage Op-amp | Analog Circuits course project  
• The project involved the designing of a two stage op-amp with given characteristics such as gain , power consumption, bandwidth, slew rate. The design was implemented in LT spice.   Awards / Scholarships / Academic Achievements • Recieved Summer Undergraduate Research Award for the project "FPGA Implementation of Hough Transform" • Secured 3rd and 8th state rank in International Olympiad of Science and Mathematics respectively in 2010. • Recieved Best Theme award for the project " Lumire Fonce" at Shrishti , the annual hobbies club exhibition of IITR in 2016. 
   Skills Computer languages Java, C++ Software Packages Matlab, Xilinx Design Suite, LT Spice, QTSpim Arduino, Git, Cadence Languages Known Hindi (SRW) , English (SRW)  
   Positions of Responsibility & Extra Curriculars Member , Team Robocon ,IIT Roorkee • Member of Electronics team at Team ROBOCON, I.I.T. Roorkee. Our team works in designing , fabrication, control and automation of a robot to perform specific tasks according to problem statement issued by ABU ROBOCON (Asia Pacific Robot Contest) every year. 
Mentor at Models and Robotics Section • Mentored projects under the aegis of Models and Robotics Section, IIT, Roorkee. 
Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee 
PANKAJ KUMAR SINGH B.Tech. Electronics & Communication Engineering UG(III Year I Semester) Contact No: 7073268355 Email: itispankajsingh@gmail.com Registration No: B.Tech./ECE/15116038/2018 May 2017- Ongoing 
April 2016- March 2017 March 2017 - April 2017 
August 2016 - November 2016 January 2016-February 2016 
November 2016 2015- Ongoing 
2017 
Event Coordinator at Cognizance • Event coordinator at Aeronave: The Drone flying competition at Cognizance, the technical festival of I.I.T Roorkee. 
Member, National Service Scheme, Govt. of India. • Member of RT Education cell which taught underprivileged children at nearby villages to prepare them for a brighter future. Also helped organize various Blood Donation Camps. 
   References Dr. Bishnu Prasad Das Assistant Professor Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee bishnu.iisc@gmail.com 897961503 2017 
2015-2016 
Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee PANKAJ KUMAR SINGH B.Tech. Electronics & Communication Engineering UG(III Year I Semester) Contact No: 7073268355 Email: itispankajsingh@gmail.com Registration No: B.Tech./ECE/15116038/2018 Area of Interest Electronincs and Computer science, Robotics Education 2017 B.Tech. 2nd Year Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee 7.283 2014 Twelfth Narayana Junior College 95.09 % 2012 Tenth DAV Public School 10.0 
Projects Implementation of Hough Transform on FPGA  | Department of Electronics and Communications Engineering (SURA)    May 2017- Ongoing The objective of the project was to implement Circular Hough Transform for detection of circular objects.  Hough transform  is a basic technique used in object detection.  The project involved:  Implementing the algorithm using basic mathematical tools in MATLAB.  Implementing and testing the algorithm on Xilinx ISE.  Successfully testing the algorithm on FPGA board. ABU Robocon 2016, Pune  | Team Robocon, IIT Roorkee    April 2016- March 2017 Prepared a robot to participate in national level robotics competition "ABU Robocon 2016" as part of Team Robocon. We achieved 12th position among 119 teams. Work done by me under Team Robocon involves:  Path Learning based  navigation of three wheeled omni drive robot on  general curve.  Devoloping Fuzzy Logic library in cpp for robot navigation. Our aim was to implement fuzzy logic as an alternative to PID.   Navigation of four wheeled mecanum drive using line following and wall following.  Automation and control of a complete robot using various sensors and microcontroller. FPGA Implementation of UART  | Digital Design Lab course project    March 2017 - April 2017 The project involved the designing of state machine of transmitter and receiver and then using them to implement the UART communication protocol on FPGA using Verilog Hardware Description Language. Desig of various electronic circuit in LT spice    | Network Theory Course Project     August 2016 - November 2016 The project involved design and simulation of below mentioned electronic circuits using basic electronic elements:   Fuel indicator  Analog Calculator  Mobile phone detector Lumire Fonce - The Light Painting Bot  | Models and Robotics Section,  I.I.T. Roorkee    January 2016-February 2016 The project involved creating  the effect of Light Painting by navigation of a robot with LEDs mounted on it and capturing its movement through a camera and processing the information in MATLAB. Design of a Two-Stage Op-amp  | Analog Circuits course project    November 2016 The project involved the designing of  a two stage op-amp with  given characteristics such as  gain , power consumption, bandwidth, slew rate. The design was implemented in LT spice. Awards / Scholarships / Academic Achievements Recieved Summer Undergraduate Research Award for the project "FPGA Implementation of Hough Transform" Secured 3rd and 8th state rank in International Olympiad of Science and Mathematics respectively in 2010. Recieved Best Theme award for the  project " Lumire Fonce"  at Shrishti , the annual hobbies club exhibition of IITR in 2016. 
Skills Computer languages Java, C++ Software Packages Matlab, Xilinx Design Suite, LT Spice, QTSpim Arduino, Git, Cadence Languages Known Hindi (SRW)  ,   English (SRW) 
Positions of Responsibility & Extra Curriculars Member , Team Robocon ,IIT Roorkee2015- Ongoing Member of Electronics team at Team ROBOCON, I.I.T. Roorkee. Our team works in designing , fabrication, control and automation of a robot to perform specific tasks according to problem statement issued by ABU  ROBOCON (Asia Pacific Robot Contest) every year. Mentor at Models and Robotics Section2017 Mentored  projects under the aegis of Models and Robotics Section, IIT, Roorkee. Event Coordinator at Cognizance2017 Event coordinator at Aeronave: The Drone flying competition at Cognizance, the  technical festival of I.I.T Roorkee. Member, National Service Scheme, Govt. of India.2015-2016 Member of RT Education cell which taught underprivileged children at nearby villages to prepare them for a brighter future. Also helped organize various Blood Donation Camps. References Dr. Bishnu Prasad DasAssistant ProfessorIndian Institute of Technology Roorkeebishnu.iisc@gmail.com897961503 
