Green and Black Minimalist Resume 
Strategic Business Partner defining and planning project development and milestones with vertical stakeholders. Integral part of top leadership team for regular monitoring & reporting   of monthly project progress to Chairman's and MD Office. Partner with functional leaders and line managers to ensure seamless delivery of HR support for its business operations spread across pan- India. Partner with Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, L&D Team to provide solutions for business needs and ensure achievements of key business targets. Manpower Planning, Budgeting and Talent Acquisition based on business needs. Partner with vertical HR teams to design and implement high-quality systems and processes in the areas of Recruitment and On boarding, Performance Management, Talent Management, Learning & Development, Rewards and Culture. Support to performance and talent management for Talent Retention & Succession Planning. Assisting Business Leadership and Management in improving Employee Engagement levels. Employee Grievance solving. Sneha RN Awasthi University Gold Medalist-MBA (HR) 
Contact Details Professional Goals I aim to attain a strategic and engaging management role in an organisation of repute and values. 
Mobile:  08872051254 Email:  awasthisneha03@gmail.com 
Address:  Pushprang Soc, Nashik, Maharashtra Skills Employee Management and Relations. Strong follow up and feedback. Presentation Skills. Communication. Team Building 
Strengths Can operate effectively in environments undergoing change and transition Target Driven Work Experience 
Officer-HR Ashoka Buildcon Ltd | January 2018 - Present Verticals: Oil & Gas, Real Estate & Education Academic History MBA-HR from Ashoka Business School affiliated to Pune University. Gold Medalist 2016 batch, 81.23% B.Com from BYK college of Commerce affiliated to Pune University, 77.17% HSC from Army School Devlali, CBSE Board, 84.2%  SSC from Army School Devlali, CBSE Board, 82.2% 
Achievements Built a team of 60+ employees with in a span of  6 months. Established a system of regular reviews for project monitoring. Formation of HR Policy for a business vertical. Introduction of performance based incentives for KMP's 
