Vaibhav Ramdas Gaikwad  E-mail:​ ​vaibhavgaikwad696@gmail.com​  ​Mobile:​ +91 8108803634  Address:​ Chikhalwadi Rahivashi Sangh, Behind Priyadarshini Building, Sion Trombay Road,  Chembur Mumbai- 400 071  
Objective  Aspired to work in reputed Organization and use my optimal skills to solve problem and adapt myself  in upcoming competitive world.  
Educational Qualification  Pursuing graduation in Information Technology  Examination University/Board Institute Year Percentage/ CGPA  
3​rd​ Year  BE Mumbai University  V.E.S. Institute of  Technology  2016 9.21  
2​nd ​Year BE Mumbai University  V.E.S. Institute of  Technology  2016 9.17  
Diploma in  Computer  Engineering  Maharashtra State  Board  
V.E.S. Polytechnic 2015 88%  Matriculation Maharashtra State  Board  
Vidya Vikas High School 2012 89.82  
Project Experience  Worked on:​ “Energy Billing System”   Description:​ It is a Java Application which maintain the data of  a consumer  and generate the  monthly bills as well as monthly reports of company in pdf format. Ms-Access is used as database to  store data. 
Worked on:​ “Blood Bank Android App”  Description:​ It is a mobile app for integrating the Blood Banks. Blood Bank can register and  information related to donated and distributed blood is stored on a server. It will help with the  analysis of the store of donated blood by generating timely report for proper planning to combat the  shortage of blood during emergencies and disasters. Other Projects: ​Vehicle Tracking System, Sportpro Website  
Technical Skills  Languages Known  
● C, C++, Java, Java Swing, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, XML  ● Android Programming, SQL, PL/SQL, Linux Programming  
mailto:vaibhavgaikwad696@gmail.com 
Certification Courses  ● Android Programming from Suven Consultants May’2017  
Internship  Suven Consultants & Technology Pvt Ltd Jun’17 to July’17  
● Designation: ​Web Development and Research Intern  Developed and Maintain SCTPL website. Researched on new techniques, languages and tools in web               and mobile development and wrote Blogs for SCTPL  Extra-Curricular Activities  
● Won 3rd prize in Look Beyond Syllabus project competition organized by VESIT   ● Member of CSI-VESIT  ● Participated in “Hackathon” event  organized by ​ VESIT E-cell, along with​ ​Mastek   ● Attended Word Press Workshop organized by CSI-VESIT  Personality Traits  
● Patient and Hardworking   ● Self-Learning  and A good Team Player  Personal Details  
● Date of birth:​ 29​th​ December, 1996  ● Gender:​ Male  ● Nationality:​ Indian  ● Languages known:​ Marathi, Hindi, English  ● Hobbies:​ Playing Cricket and Listening to Music  References  
Name Designation Education E-mail Contact  Rocky Jagtiani Tech Head  (SCTPL)  
ME in IT rocky@suvenconsultants.com 9892544177  Pooja Shetty Assistant  Professor  
ME in IT pooja.shetty@ves.ac.in 9920429866  Sukanya Roy  Chowdhury  
Assistant  Professor  ME in IT sukanya.roychowdhury@ves.ac.in 8879185387  
I hereby declare that the information shared above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.   Place:​ Mumbai   Vaibhav Ramdas Gaikwad  
