Mumbai, Maharashtra  India. PIN - 400 604 VIKAS MAURYA  (+91) 9136509352  vikasmaurya9732@gmail.com   
E​MPLOYMENT  Software Development Engineer intern    Dtoxd.ai June 2019 - May 2020  ● Worked as part of the product development team, and built a chrome extension for filtering explicit texts  from websites in real-time.  
● Collect the data and cleaned for building the LSTM model(NLP). On-device deployment of ML models using  TensorflowJS and Nodejs.  
Data Scientist intern    Occipital Tech March 2019 -May 2019  ● Worked as a part of the core development team and built a dataset for modeling. Involved in GUI  development using flask and python.  ● Worked on the Openvino framework to optimize different Deep Learning Models. Deployment of various  
Application based models.  
Microsoft Virtual Internship    ➢    Worked on various interpersonal skills and Understands the work culture of Microsoft.  ➢    Acquired various skills like Work Ready skill, Technical Engineer skills, Campus to corporate work-ready skills.  
Languages and Technologies  ● Programming Languages -  C++ (Advanced), Python (Intermediate).  ● Operating System - Linux, Windows, Android.  ● Database - MySQL,Firebase.  ● Frameworks and tools - Tensorflow, Android Studio, LSTM, GitHub, NLP, RNN.  ● Others - Machine Learning, and Deep Learning, App, and Web Development.  
E​DUCATION  Navi Mumbai, India Fr.C.Rodrigues Institute of Technology July 2016 - May 2020  ● B.Tech. in Information Technology. CGPA: 9.13/10.  ● Main coursework: Advanced Data Structures and Algorithms, Design, and analysis of Algorithms, Computer  Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Database Systems, Operating Systems, Software Engineering.  
B.T​ECH​. M​AJOR​ P​ROJECT  ● Build an automated AI WebApp that predicts what type of disease a person is suffering from. Then it will find  the nearest hospital located in the area using efficient shortest path algorithms.   ● Build an AI-based application that provides a clean environment for the user to surf on the browser and on  
the desktop using NLP with python and tensorflowjs.  ● Build a chatbot using movie dialogues as a database.It involves preprocessing and model building using NLP.   
A​CHIEVEMENTS​ ​AND​ R​ESPONSIBILITIES  ● Winner of the ​INNOVATIONS, A National Level Project Competition at SIES Graduate School of  Technology. Participated in Codevita, Google Kickstart Competitions.  
● Hackerrank (6 stars)World ranking below 15000 and CodeChef 2 star.  ● Specialization in Data structures and Algorithms from Coursera.  ● Grand Finalist of the Smart India Hackathon 2019 and leaded the team as a Team Leader.  ● Won 2nd Prize in Intercollegiate Technical Presentation conducted under Pre-Event CSI Technext at IIT  Bombay.  
